Okay, so moving along
with our development process,
in this video we going to cover steps two and three
of creating our class
and also creating a new component for our menu.
Okay, so let's go ahead
and swing over the Visual Studio Code
because now we going to do some Angular coding.
And let's go ahead and open up a New Terminal window.
So let me zoom in here from my terminal window
let's go ahead and generate that new class.
Okay, so we see that it created
that product-category.ts file for us.
So I'll swing in over here and I'll open up that file.
So it's under common, product-category.ts.
So we need to add two properties here,
one for id and another property for a categoryName.
Alright, so that looks pretty good.
Now let me expand my window here
and again zoom into my terminal.
So for step three,
we need to create a new component for our menu.
So our component will be called product-category-menu.
Okay, great, it created some files for us.
So let's look under components
and there's a new directory here, product-category-menu,
all right, good job.
So let's go ahead and open up
our product-category-menu-component.cs.
So for our component, let's define our property
for productCategories.
It's an array of those productCategory items.
And then on our constructor,
let's go ahead and inject our productService.
In our ngOnInit method,
let's call this.listProductCategories.
This is a method that will create
to actually call our service.
So let's remove the placeholder code here,
and let's add our own custom code.
So the first thing we need to do is invoke the service.
So this.productService.getProductCategories.subscribe.
And now notice at this point there's an error message
for get product categories because we don't have
that method yet and our service,
we'll fix this issue in the next video.
So at the moment here, we'll say data
and I'll say console.log.
So I'm going to log the data returned from the service.
So I make use of that JSON.stringify
to take a given object and display it in JSON format.
And then we simply assign the data to our property.
So it's assigned to our this.productCategories.
Alright, so that covers the coding here
for our component for calling our service.
But there's still some more work to do
and we'll do that in the next video.